docs: APM 7.11 updates (#89789)
elastic/kibana: docs/apm/transactions.asciidoc

you can simply zoom in on the graph - this will adjust the specific time range,
and all of the data on the page will update accordingly.

*Throughput*::

> Visualize response codes: `2xx`, `3xx`, `4xx`, etc..

Reviewer: Are there really supposed to be two periods there? (Haven't looked at style guide but it looks weird to me.)

Author: Oops, didn't mean to add that extra period in. Good catch.

Author: ```suggestion
Visualize response codes: `2xx`, `3xx`, `4xx`, etc.
```

> Useful for determining if you're serving more of one code than you typically do.

Reviewer: This reads funny. Maybe would be better like, "Useful for determining if more responses than usual are being served with a particular response code."

Author: 👍

Author: ```suggestion
Useful for determining if more responses than usual are being served with a particular response code.
```
